### Exercise 30.7
    
Rejection sampling. In many cases where sampling from a distribution directly is difficult, rejection sampling is a last-resort solution that's guaranteed to work, albeit very slowly in some cases. Figure 30.12 shows the idea: Drawing a box around the graph of a density function d, we select points uniformly randomly in the box. The x-values of these points are treated as samples, except that (x, y) is rejected (i.e., not used) if $y>d(x)$. In areas where $d(x)$ is large, a sample (x, y) is likely to be accepted; where $d(x)$ is small, it's likely to be rejected. When a sample's rejected, we continue to generate new samples until we find an acceptable one.

(a) Write a program that uses rejection sampling to generate 10,000 samples from the distribution $d(x)=x$ on the interval [0, 2] and plot your results in the form of a histogram.
(b) What fraction of your attempts at generating samples were rejected?
(c) Repeat with the distribution $d(x)=\frac{20}{1-exp(-20)}exp(-20x)$ to see how badly rejection sampling can work.
(d) Use the idea of rejection sampling (pick samples from a too-large space, and then select only the good ones) to generate points uniformly in the unit disk, and plot your results.
(e) Use the same idea to sample from the unit ball in 3-space, and the unit ball in 10-space. How well (in terms of rejection) does the last of these work?
(f) Points in the unit ball in any dimension are uniformly distributed in direction (with the exception of the origin). Use this to take your points-in-a-ball sampler and make a points-on-a-sphere sampler, being sure to reject the special case of the origin. Experimentally compare its efficiency to that of the hemisphere sampler we described. (Depending on your computer's architecture, the comparison could go either way.)
(g) When you want to rejection-sample the function $x\mapsto1+x$ on the interval [0, 1], you draw a box $[0,1]\times[a,b]$ for some values a and b. What are the constraints on possible values for a and b? What happens if you make b quite large?