### Exercise 20.3
    
(a) Write a program to render a picture like the one shown in Figure 20.13. For the checkerboard itself, assuming 0 is black and 1 is white, make the light squares about 0.85 and the dark squares about 0.15, and be sure you can render a picture like the one shown.

(b) Figure out the size of the screen-space projection of a unit square at location (x, 0, z) on the ground plane, either algebraically or by projecting the four corners and computing numerically. From this, determine the vertical and horizontal band limits as a function of x and z.

(c) The texture color at location (x,z) on the plane can be written as $0.5 + 0.35S(x)S(z)$, where $S(x)=1$ if floor(x) is even, and -1 otherwise. With methods like those of Chapter 18, you can compute the Fourier series for S; it's
$S(x)=\frac{4}{\pi}\sum_{j=0}^{\infty}\frac{1}{2j+1}sin(\pi(2j+1)x).$
To band-limit this, you need only truncate the sum, and define
$\overline{S}(x,\omega_{0})=\frac{4}{\pi}\sum_{j=0}^{floor(\frac{\omega_{0}-1}{2})}\frac{1}{2j+1}sin(\pi(2j+1)x),$
which removes all frequencies $\omega_{0}$ and above. Rerender your image using $\overline{S}$ with an appropriate band limit, based on z, and compare aliasing in the rerendered image.

(d) The aliasing may still seem excessive to you, and the Gibbs phenomenon artifacts may also be annoying. Experiment with other approximations to a band-limited version of S, and with band limiting to a lower frequency than might seem necessary, and evaluate the results.

(e) Truncating the series at the band limit (i.e., multiplying by a box in the frequency domain) is not the only way to remove high frequencies. Try using the Fejer kernel (i.e., multiplying by an appropriately dimensioned tent in the frequency domain) to see if you can get more satisfying results.