### Exercise 31.2
    
The radiosity equation
$(I-F)b=e$
has the form $Mb=e$, where $M=I-F$. In practice, the largest eigenvalue or singular value of M is considerably less than 1.0; this means that powers of M tend to grow rapidly smaller. That can be used to solve the equation relatively quickly.
(a) Show that $(I-F)^{-1}=I+F+F^{2}+...$ by multiplying the right-hand side by I-F and canceling. This sort of cancellation is valid only if the right-hand side is an absolutely convergent series; fortunately, if the eigenvalues or singular values are small, it is, justifying this step.
(b) Show that $b=e+Fe+F^{2}e+....$
(c) Letting $b_{0}=e$ and $b_{1}=e+Fb_{0}$, and generally letting $b_{k}=e+Fb_{k-1}$, show that $b_{k}$ is the sum of the first $k+1$ terms of the right-hand side of the equation for b, and that thus $b_{k}\rightarrow b$ as $k\rightarrow\infty$ . Thus, an algorithm for computing the radiosity vector b is to start with $b=e$, and then multiply by F and add e repeatedly until b has converged sufficiently.
(d) If we think of the ith entry of b as the radiosity at patch i, then multiplying by F distributes this radiosity among all other patches. Rather than computing Fb in its entirety, which can involve lots of multiplication, we can push the "unshot" radiosity from a single patch through the matrix. Various algorithms exploit this idea, seeking, for example, to push through the matrix the largest unshot radiosity. Implement one of these for a 2D radiosity model, and see how its runtime and convergence compare with the naive algorithm that multiplies b by all of F at each step.