### Exercise 7.19
(a) You're given two nondegenerate line segments in the plane, the first with endpoints A and B and the second with endpoints C and D, and all coordinates are integers. Your job is to determine whether the segments intersect, and the intersection point, if any.
(a) Write a short program to do this. If the segments are parallel, there are three cases: They're disjoint (return false), they share an endpoint (return false), or they overlap in an interval (return true, but don't return an intersection point, since it's not unique). If the segments are nonparallel and intersect, they may share an endpoint (return false), the endpoint of one may be interior to the other (return true, and the endpoint), or the interiors of the segments may intersect at some point (x, y) whose coordinates may not be integers, but will be rational numbers. In this case, you should return an integer triple (x, y, w), where the intersection is at $(x/w,y/w)$.
(b) Explain why returning an integer triple is more useful than returning a floating-point representation of the rational coordinates.
(c) Suppose you have two integer triples of the form above, $(x_{1},y_{1},w_{1})$ and $(x_{2},y_{2},w_{2})$. How would you test them for "equality," that is, how would you test whether they represent the same rational point in the plane?
(d) For an extra challenge, try to write all your code in part (a) so that there are no divisions, and the code is as clean as possible. The sort of multiple-case mess that's implicit in programs like this arises from the multiple possible ways that segments can intersect; you can't really make the code too clean.